Fixed bug in core-retrieve-file-details (#18496)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/1_0_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Investigation & Response

> - Fixed an issue in **core-retrieve-file-details**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where command **core-retrieve-file-details** failed to retrieve file.
```
